[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2019 superhero film Captain
Marvel so let's get started just a quick
point to make this easier the Kree is an
alien Empire that our main character is
a part of led by an AI known as the
supreme intelligence the Skrull are a
shape-shifting alien race that are often
at war with a Kree the film opens in
1995 on the Kree planet of Halle with
burrs training with her mentor Yann Rock
and seeing visions of her past during a
mission vers is captured by Talos a
member of the Skrull race and a probe of
her memory leads them to earth reverse
escapes and crash lands in Los Angeles
shield agents Nick Fury and Phil Coulson
come to investigate the crash but are
interrupted by a Skrull attack a chase
occurs a Skrull version of Agent Coulson
is killed by Nick Fury and Talos
disguised as Fury's boss Keller tells
fury to work with burrs and keep tabs on
her using her extracted memories burrs
and fury go to a US Air Force Base they
discover that vers was a human pilot
that died in 1989 while testing an
experimental jet engine designed by dr.
Wendell awesome hoover's has been seeing
in her visions Talos disguises Keller
arrives and Fury discovers his ruse and
fury help sever's escape with a cat
named goose in a jet they all fly away
to Louisiana to meet with former pilot
Maria Rambo the last person to see a
vers and dr. Lawson alive
Maria reveals that vs. actually Carol
Danvers who is once a very close family
friend
Dallas arrives unarmed and explains that
the scrolls are not actually their
enemies and that they are refugees
searching for a new home and that dr.
Lawson aka Marvel was a renegade Kree
scientist helping them Tallis plays a
recording that triggers Dan versus
memories remembering that dr. Lawson was
killed by Dan versus mentor John Robb to
prevent her from destroying the engine
of her experimental jet so the Kree
could not have the technology Danvers
herself destroyed the engine
absorb the energy from the explosion
gaining immense powers but losing her
memories the group located a secret
cloaked satellite orbiting earth where
dr. Lawson hit several Scrolls including
Tallis's family and the tesseract the
power source of dr. Lawson's is
experimental engine Danvers is captured
by the Cree and interfaces with the
supreme intelligence during the
conversation Danvers removes the implant
suppressing her powers and is able to
reach her full potential and begins
fighting during the battle fury
discovers that the cat goose is actually
an alien called a Fleur Kim and swallows
several curry warriors as well as the
tesseract goose also scratches Fury's
eye explaining the eyepatch that he
wears in nearly every Marvel movie
Danvers destroys a Kree ship and forces
Ronan the accuser the same one from
guardians the galaxy to retreat Danvers
overpowers yon rock and sends him back
to the Supreme intelligence with a
warning
Danvers leaves to find a new homeworld
for the Skrulls giving nick fury a
modified pager to contact her with in
case of emergency the same one seen at
the post-credits scene in Avengers
infinity war fury then starts the
Avengers initiative during a mid-credits
scene in 2018 the activated pagers being
monitored by the Avengers when Danvers
returns
in a post-credits scene we see goose
regurgitate the tesseract on a Fury's
desk so that was a spoilers for Captain
Marvel if you have another film you'd
like to see you spoil please let us know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching